My thigh's strong enough
to stop bullets now.
Ouch, that hurts.
Go in! Now!
Eun Yeong-ro ran away.
-What?
-Room 207.
Have you seen Yeong-ro?
She went to the washroom first.
Follow me.
-Where's she?
-What's going on?
Quiet!
Sit down!
-If you move, I'll shoot you!
-Hey.
You bastard!
You little…
-Untie me!
-Okay.
Ma'am.
What's going on?
Guys, come here. Now!
Hurry!
-Gather!
-Now!
-Hurry!
-Tie him up!
What?
Eun Yeong-ro!
We're going to escape from the dorm.
Listen carefully. In the prayer room,
there's a secret passage
you don't know about.
Through that passage,
go down to the basement one.
And take the central staircase
and go out through the main door.
This might be our last chance.
Don't be scattered, and move as one.
Quietly.
Hurry up! Go!
Go!
RESTROOM
What's going on?
Yeong-ro's in the room
on the fourth floor.
The ANSP decided
to get you and her out of here first.
I'll tell you more once we get there.
Yeong-ro?
RESTRICTED
Go down the stairs.
Watch your step.
-Stairs?
-Follow her.
-Watch your step.
-Okay.
Be careful.
-Be careful.
-Watch your step.
Of course,
they wouldn't be hiding it there.
Where would they have hidden
the money bag?
I definitely smell money around here.
Go lock the door! Now!
Hey, hurry up. Lock it!
Hurry!